The tools engineers use depends obviously on the engineers.
There are tools that are proprietary to
each company or organization that have been developed over time.
Ours come originally from working with the stereo cameras.
There's also a very well-known library called a point cloud library,
that deals with the main things are really segmentation,
and separation of the ground plane,
and things like that.
Those kinds of tools where you do segmentation of the point cloud
to get the images out of all the objects out of the point cloud,
clustering segmentation, those things.
There's also an open CV,
are tools to work with point clouds.